DEVELOPING.md: don't mention oldest Python version number (#3336)
nicotine-plus/nicotine-plus: doc/DEVELOPING.md

Developing in a single language is also easier for everyone involved in the
project.

> We aim to support the oldest [Python version](https://devguide.python.org/versions/)

Reviewer: Debian-based distros will probably lag behind. We'll have to see how this works in practice.

Reviewer: In any case, there's no rush to bump the version requirements. New Python versions don't bring that many changes we need.

Developing in a single language is also easier for everyone involved in the
project.

We aim to support the oldest [Python version](https://devguide.python.org/versions/)

> still receiving security updates, up to the latest. In any case, there's no rush to
> bump the minimum version requirement unless it brings a new feature that we need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
still receiving security updates, up to the latest. There is no rush to bump the
minimum version requirement, since LTS distributions may use older Python
versions, but a smaller range of versions is easier to test.
```

Nicotine+ uses the following versioning scheme: `A.B.C`, e.g. `3.3.8`

  - `A` is incremented when major changes are made to the user interface that
    significantly change the workflow of the application. In practice, this is
    unlikely to happen.
  - `B` is incremented when significant features or new dependencies are added,
    version requirements are increased, or in the case of major changes to
    existing code that are deemed too intrusive for a smaller release. Then the
    previous feature branch (e.g. `3.3.x`) continues to be maintained only with

>     critical backports, until it's dependencies reach beyond end-of-life.

Reviewer: Realistically, the previous branch will be maintained until the next `B` is released (3.3.x will reach EOL once 3.4.0 is released). There isn't much point in maintaining the older branch after that, since Debian-based distros will not package such releases (only major software like web browsers receive major version bumps, everything else is frozen with the exception of security backports).
